Mrs. Hawkins? I worked with your husband.
[woman] He was working
on the metro bombing case.
He thought someone interfered
with the FBI's investigation.
He found something that pointed to
a contractor called Turn Lake Industries.
The day Jamie went missing,
he had a meeting with the CEO.
Holy shit.
[tense music playing]
I was hoping to get more info about
your detail the day of the metro bombing.
- Not without an official request.
- Was it Maddie Redfield?
What's he doing out in the field
with the key witness
to an FBI investigation?
He claims he's investigating
a threat on Maddie Redfield's life.
- Get them back here before it's too late.
- Understood.
- We think there's gonna be another attack.
- Jesus.
Campaign donations. If you wanna know
who bad people are in bed with,
you follow the money.
Vice President Redfield.
- [woman] We should've kept that baby.
- You want the baby?
Maybe we could find another baby to take.
[man] It's them.
This is a mistake. If someone finds out,
you'll be in the middle of a scandal.
No one can find out about this.
I can ditch the agents.
I've done it before.
Maddie, everything okay?
No, you fucking didn't.
Badger's missing. All hands.
[Maddie] Oh my God!
What are you doing? I told you
I'd call you when we were done.
- I need something else.
- [man] Wait, why?
[Maddie screaming]
[music fades]
[ominous music playing]
[seagulls warbling]
That was anti-fucking-climactic.
Isn't it better to see him die,
so that we know that he's dead?
You wanted something messier
for your first time?
I don't know, I just expected more.
Okay,
tell me how would you have done it.
Depends. What'd he do?
It doesn't matter what they did.
We don't judge. We execute.
There would be something
to touch, to feel.
Blood.
Blood is messy.
It, uh, takes time to clean up.
Yeah, but at least we'd be sure.
Oh, I'm sure.
I'm sure.
It just would have meant more.
[man] Are you all right?
Was this too much?
Maybe I shouldn't have brought--
[dramatic music playing]
Teach me more.
Teach me everything.
[object clattering]
You should throw that over.
It's evidence. It belongs to him.
Belongs to us.
[man scoffing]
All of him belongs to us now.
[opening theme music playing]
[car engine revving]
Why do I have to go so slow?
Because this is the speed limit.
Yeah, but they're getting ahead of us.
No, we have them.
Two miles to the White House,
and our job right now
is to make sure they stay on that path.
So now we've become
fucking chaperones. Great.
Until the orders change, yes.
Worst car chase ever.
[sinister music playing]
Don't lead with the bomber
or the vice president.
We should start
with what we know for sure,
which is the ring, Turn Lake, Wick.
See how Travers reacts
before sharing the Redfield stuff.
It was a right back there.
I'm not taking you in.
To the White House? Why not?
So let's just assume
the VP is behind all this.
He's not authorized
to have pulled your Secret Service detail
at the hotel that day.
So it means someone else
in the White House is working with him.
If we both go in
with the hard drive, then, uh...
- It's a single point of failure.
- Exactly.
So I'll tell the president what we found.
Once she's been briefed,
she can help me with protection.
I'll come get you.
You don't have to worry.
I'm taking you someplace safe.
You'll be fine.
I'm not worried about me.
[dramatic music playing]
Is someone following us?
We're about to find out.
[car engine revving]
Turn right on that light.
Do it. Turn on your blinker.
[blinker clicking]
- Happy?
- [man] No.
He'll be looking for this car.
We need a new ride.
False alarm?
Probably.
Eli, you're on traffic cams.
Jeff, start canvassing neighbors, friends.
Anything relevant, you report to me.
[indistinct chatter]
Monitor the FBI.
This place is on lockdown
till Almora arrives.
No one in who doesn't need to be.
[camera shutter clicking]
[indistinct police radio chatter]
Anything?
No weapon,
no sign of forced entry besides ours.
FBI will process any DNA,
maybe they might find a match.
But Maddie... Maddie doesn't have time
for the lab nerds
to break out the test tubes.
You're with me.
[suspenseful music playing]
[crickets chirping]
[Redfield sighing]
It's late. What's wrong?
I'm sorry, Mr. Vice President,
but it's about Maddie.
[Redfield sighing heavily]
What's she done this time?
We believe she's been kidnapped.
What?
[Ben] She ditched her security detail
at a school event,
and we're working
under the theory that she--
Well, that she planned
a romantic rendezvous.
It just sounds like she ran off.
And she's done that before.
I'm gonna talk to her, again.
[Ben] Mr. Vice President,
we found her dress and her panic button
inside of her art professor's house,
right next to his dead body.
[doorbell ringing]
[Cisco whistling]
You are definitely not my date.
Yeah, I hate to disappoint,
but I need you to cancel, man.
Do me a solid.
This doesn't make up
for helping me move a couch.
I know.
Come on, man,
I got that girl coming by after her shift.
I made this Ina Garten casserole.
It smells incredible,
but you remember Rose, right?
- [sighing]
- [Rose] Hey.
I need you to, uh, keep her
company for a few hours.
Cisco, please.
Red or white?
Uh, just water, thank you.
Okay.
Man, seriously,
you're, uh, you're a legend.
[Cisco] Yeah. [sighing]
- You still got your car?
- Nah, it's in the shop.
I'll leave you our ride in the garage then
in case you need to get out of here.
Spot 18.
Hey, Lisa. Bad news.
Yeah, the craziest thing just happened.
You can trust Cisco, okay?
Just don't tell him anything.
It'll be safer for you and for him.
If something does happen,
he'll take you to our meet-up spot.
- You remember where it is?
- The... the fishing pier.
I'll be fine.
I highlighted the most important parts.
Might help Farr and the president
to see it in writing.
Great.
Be careful.
Yeah.
Luckily for you guys,
she gave me a second chance next week.
Good to hear it, man.
I should get out of here.
Just...
take care of her, please.
Yeah, you got it.
- You good?
- [Peter] Yeah.
Thank you.
[Cisco] Yeah.
You ever speak to this professor?
A few times, sure.
I didn't see it though,
how she felt about him.
- Well, maybe it's just about sex.
- No.
She was so nervous
picking out that dress, almost fragile.
- [Erik] Don't.
- I--
Don't play woulda, coulda, shoulda.
That's a losing game.
- This look like Maddie to you?
- [Chelsea] Yes.
He was planning this whole time.
Grooming her, and I didn't--
No, she fucked you.
She ran off
without caring what that would do to you.
It's not about me.
If she had half the respect for you
that you seem to have--
I'm not having this conversation.
You don't have to bottle shit up
to be good at this job.
It is better shared with your partner.
Trust me.
I learned that the hard way.
That's...
another story for another time.
Thanks, but I don't need a pep talk.
I just need to find her.
This guy... he's everywhere.
I just saw that face.
[camera shutter clicking]
Yeah.
- [tense music playing]
- [Erik] Here.
He's looking away in the other drawings.
Like he doesn't wanna be seen.
I doubt he sat for any of them.
Romantic or obsessive?
Fine line.
I learned that the hard way.
Another time.
I've seen this pattern before.
In Maddie's room.
[man] Cullen to Arrington. Almora's here.
Wants a debrief, now.
Sir.
You've been relieved tonight.
Go home and get some rest.
- What?
- Monks, this is your investigation now.
- Where we at?
- [Chelsea] This is my team.
- Not anymore.
- It's my duty to protect her.
Maddie went missing on your watch.
There's no body for you to protect.
I understand the two of you are close,
but the last thing we need are hurt
feelings slowing down good judgment.
Now what I do need is your experience.
Go home.
Erik, find me a goddamn starting place.
Sending her home won't help me do that.
In our business,
this is the biggest fuckup possible.
She was in charge. Redfield needs a scalp.
- Then give him mine.
- Erik--
Just listen, please.
She knows Maddie inside out.
She has the kid's schedule down.
She has her habits memorized.
She cares about the girl,
which is everything right now.
So your assessment's changed then?
[indistinct radio chatter]
The situation's changed.
Fine.
Arrington can stay, but you're in charge.
Find me Maddie.
[man] Hey.
[scanner trilling]
[man] All right, we're good.
- Thanks.
- [man] You're welcome.
[indistinct chatter]
- Hey, Peter.
- [Peter] Hey.
- She asked me to walk you upstairs.
- Really? Worried I'll get lost?
- Is something going on?
- [Valerie] The usual.
Farr's tied up right now.
She said to wait in her office.
[grunting] I'm really sorry
about crashing your date night.
Oh, no biggie.
Just took two months
of witty Bumble banter
before she finally agreed
to meet me in person.
Well, maybe this will build anticipation?
Last-minute cancellation on a first meet?
Super catfishy.
- That's probably right.
- [Cisco] Yeah.
You got a friend for me
to double date with you and Peter?
Oh, Peter and I aren't...
- Yeah.
- My bad. I--
He's just looking out for me.
He's a good guy.
[Cisco] Uh, the best.
[both chuckling lightly]
You're actually the only friend
that Peter's mentioned,
let alone called for multiple favors.
How far back do you two go?
We were roommates at Quantico.
He didn't tell you?
I haven't known him that long.
Besides you, I've only heard about his dad
and Zoe.
That's it.
That actually qualifies
as major sharing for Peter.
Well, he didn't say that much about her.
[Cisco] There's not much to say.
Things got tough for Peter,
and she didn't stick around.
For better or for worse.
Peter made it sound like
he pulled away after the metro bombing,
made it hard for her to stay.
Yeah, well,
he's not really the kind of guy
that likes to put blame on others.
I know what I saw, though.
Any other intel you need on our boy?
What's the story behind Kevin?
[both laughing]
[Cisco] We won him off
our firearm instructor.
He was, like, this real hard ass
that gave us shit for not being
good enough, like, all the time.
And so we bet him that we could complete
a grad-level virtual scenario
with zero civilian casualties,
and we told him to put up
his good-luck troll doll as collateral.
Who's we?
Peter and I both made it happen,
and so we both claimed him.
Started stealing him from one another,
and it's kind of became
this ongoing prank now.
But whoever's got Kevin
has the bragging rights.
- Sounds kind of juvenile.
- [Cisco] Extremely.
- And who... who named him Kevin?
- [Cisco] Oh, I did.
And if he tells you otherwise,
we'll let him have it
because we know how sensitive he gets.
- Hand him over.
- No.
He's mine now.
Peter taught you well.
[Rose chuckling]
[woman] Do you see her?
I can't see anything through those shades.
[woman] Hmm.
I was...
thinking about what you said.
What did I say?
About the baby.
[woman scoffing]
Forget about it.
It was a dumb idea.
No, not for the job, but... for us.
I don't understand.
Well, this life is...
all violence.
It would be nice
to have something different,
to create a life together.
- We have a life together.
- [man] You know what I mean.
There could be more than only this.
I don't think so.
This was your idea.
To steal a baby, not make a baby.
You're not listening to me.
Of course I'm listening.
That's why I'm talking to you about it.
People like us
shouldn't get to be parents.
When we're gone...
there could be a piece of us left behind.
[woman scoffing]
Yeah, a messed-up piece.
Oh God, you can't even fuck me properly,
and now you wanna impregnate me?
[woman chuckling]
[dramatic music playing]
I'm sorry.
No, no, you're right.
It's, uh...
It's stupid.
[Rose] Is that you two?
Yeah, Quantico. Not my finest moment.
[Rose] You look happy.
Basic Water Survival
was a real bitch. [chuckling]
The FBI recruiter told me that
all I needed to know was how to float,
and so I showed up unprepared.
The other classmates thought
it was hilarious,
but then my rank dropped.
And so Peter then started inviting me out
to his morning swims,
pretending to get his laps in
while low-key teaching
me how to not drown.
That picture was taken
right after I passed.
I dropped out shortly after. You know,
family drama I won't bore you with.
But, uh,
Peter always made sure we stayed tight.
[Cisco chuckling]
I'd ask how you two met
if I thought you'd tell me.
The old-fashioned way.
I called him.
Do you remember what that logo was on?
Uh, a sweatshirt, or, um, um, a sticker?
I don't know. I guess my feelings
for Maddie cloud my memory of that day.
[Erik] Hmm.
It wasn't like that.
I didn't submit to my subordinate's
opinion, so you took it to the boss.
He asked me for my take on your detail.
So you knew you had his ear,
and you took your shot.
I said it wasn't like that.
And by the way,
he didn't sideline you because of me.
Maddie went missing on your watch.
You think I don't know that?
- [drawer opening]
- [objects clattering]
All right, listen.
Just because you'll get blamed for this,
doesn't mean it's your fault.
You cannot always save
a protectee from themselves.
And look,
I don't give a shit who's in charge.
All that matters is finding Maddie.
So there is no boss here, all right?
Just partners.
[Chelsea breathing deeply]
Good.
I've always done for myself, and
expect the worst in others.
My reaction to you wasn't personal.
I get it.
You don't need my help.
I did tonight.
So if she planned some special night out
with this professor, who would she tell?
- [sighing] Me.
- And if she wouldn't even tell you?
- [Erik] What's up there?
- Caught her stashing something here once.
Promised her I'd never look.
[tense music playing]
[Chelsea] Here.
New Leaf. That's where I saw the symbol.
It's their logo.
She told me a boy invited her
to go to a meeting,
but she decided not to go.
"PB." A boy, or her professor?
Professor's initials.
The flyer's for the D.C. chapter,
but the organization lobbies
for environmental justice globally.
Save the whales kind of stuff?
They organized a sit-in
at an oil pipeline worksite last year.
Shut it down for months.
Paulo is a leader of New Leaf D.C.
Stop. Go back.
That man in the background.
And tell him I need updates
every half hour.
- [woman] Yes, ma'am.
- [door closing]
Sorry to keep you waiting so long.
Where's Rose?
She's safe.
Safe like she's in the bathroom
down the hall,
or like she's somewhere
you're not gonna tell me?
She's with my friend standing by.
Goddamn it, Peter. I thought we were done
playing these games.
If anything happens to our witness,
or that hard drive--
Rose and the drive are fine.
When you hear what I have to tell you,
you'll understand.
What... what is going on here?
It's unrelated, but comparable
in its fucked-up-ness.
Let's do this first.
[drawer rattling]
[Diane] I had Val look into Turn Lake
after we spoke.
Private military company.
Does most of their business overseas,
lobbying both sides of the aisle.
Their CEO is a former Navy SEAL
turned entrepreneur named Gordon Wick.
- Heard of him?
- Yeah.
We think Turn Lake orchestrated
the metro bombing.
You think this Wick guy
is working with Omar Zadar?
No, we think the metro bombing
was a false flag
manufactured by Turn Lake,
and then they just used Zadar and the PIF
as scapegoats when it failed.
- This is all on the hard drive?
- Not exactly, no.
We traced the assassin's signet ring
to an operative connected with Turn Lake.
And then we also found out
that Jamie Hawkins
went and met somebody at Turn Lake
the day he was murdered.
How do you know?
Cynthia Hawkins.
You hounded his widow? Peter!
She kept saying that Hawkins
didn't buy the whole Zadar thing.
He believed there was more to the bombing.
None of this makes sense.
What's the motive?
Why stage a terror attack
and not publicize the reason?
To cover up the real objective.
The data on the Campbell's hard drive
suggests that bomb
was meant to set off a larger explosion,
to take out somebody above ground.
An assassination attempt
disguised as a terror attack?
Exactly. And whoever the target was,
was being protected by Maddie Redfield's
current Secret Service detail.
That's why you were at Georgetown today.
You think they were targeting
Maddie Redfield?
I did, yeah. Then I talked to Arrington.
She said it wasn't Maddie
she was protecting that day.
Is it possible she lied to you?
Why?
What... what don't I know?
Maddie Redfield
went missing tonight, kidnapped.
What?
That's why this place is a fucking zoo.
We're nowhere trying to find her,
and the timing is just--
I mean, could she have been the target
a year ago? Is she Osprey?
Maybe.
- But there's another Redfield connection.
- What do you mean?
Wick wouldn't have known
about Night Action
unless someone
in the White House told him.
Okay.
Who better to give him that information
than an old friend?
[dramatic music playing]
- [Diane] Jesus.
- [Peter] Yeah.
- You realize what you're saying here?
- [Peter] I do.
But I'm less worried about
what these people have done,
and I'm more worried about
what they will do.
- A second attack?
- Yeah.
Fuck.
I need to fill in Travers.
You need to be there too.
Okay.
[sighing] I mean... the vice president?
I have somebody with Rose.
I'll have him bring her and the drive in,
but it needs to be discreet.
We can bring her in
through the FDR tunnel.
- Okay.
- I'll set up a meeting with POTUS ASAP.
Have your trooper friend
drop her at the loading dock.
[tense music playing]
What?
Nothing.
It's, uh...
Sorry, zoned out. It's been a, um,
rough few days.
I'm running on fumes.
It's almost over, Peter.
You've done a great job.
Thank you.
I'm proud of you.
[Diane sighing]
[phones ringing]
[indistinct chatter]
[door closing]
[suspenseful music playing]
[phone line ringing]
- [Rose] Peter?
- Farr's in on it.
What? You're sure?
Everything okay?
Everything she told me is a lie.
She was talking,
she was playing along, and then she...
She--
She knows you're with a trooper right now.
They fucking know.
- Know what?
- About you and Redfield.
About the metro bombing.
- That's a problem.
- [Diane] You think?
That's your special forces-trained
fucking assessment?
What do you wanna do?
I'll have Peter arrested.
Isolate him until we can figure out
the best way to silo him off.
And Rose Larkin...
I'll let my team know.
[Peter] I'm hanging up.
Destroy your SIM card.
Uh, meet me at the pier.
Wait, how will you get there?
I'll figure it out.
Rose, please,
get out of there right now, okay?
[Rose] Okay.
Ready to tell me what's going on?
[cell phone chiming]
It's green light.
[intense music playing]
Shit.
[man] It's all right.
The tracker's still got them.
[car engine revving]
[indistinct chatter]
[phones ringing]
[intense suspenseful music playing]
[scanner beeping]
[Peter] Shit.
Hey, Liam.
Peter, you look like shit.
What is that?
- Above your clearance, pal.
- You serious? Let me see.
- Oh shit.
- What the hell's wrong with you?
I... I'm sorry.
It... it was a joke. You need help?
- No, just leave it.
- Okay.
[Liam] Jesus.
[indistinct chatter]
[man] Yes, sir.
I'll get it to you right away.
- Sutherland!
- [man 2] There he is!
Eyes on Sutherland.
[man] Follow him! Come on! Cut him off!
- You two that way. Eddie, on me.
- [man] Yes, sir.
Move, move, move!
Shit.
- [Nathan] Check the storage room.
- Shit.
[music fades]
[flashlight clicking]
[door creaking, closing]
Check the door.
[door closing]
[door opening]
- You think he knows about the tunnels?
- [door closing]
All clear. Entrance is secure.
I'll check the server room.
You run through H Street, just in case.
[Cisco] What do these killers look like?
- Why?
- This one's getting real fucking close.
[car engine revving intensely]
Yeah, that's them.
[intense music playing]
[tires screeching]
[car horn honking]
[car engine revving]
Hang on!
- [car horn honking]
- [tires screeching]
[woman sighing]
[music fades]
Watts to command, tunnel's clear.
[suspenseful music playing]
[keypad beeping]
[Cisco] I think we lost them.
How do they keep finding me?
They're tracking you somehow.
This car maybe?
Okay, well, what do we do?
- I'm gonna drop you off.
- Where?
I'll take the next corner, you jump out.
Run to Foundry Branch Park.
Get to the pier.
It'll be faster on foot.
We do it right,
they won't realize you're not inside.
What about you?
I'll call for backup,
lure them away from you.
Are you sure?
Positive.
[suspenseful music swelling]
Go! Run!
[Rose] Thank you.
Stop.
- What?
- She got out.
[Peter panting]
[keypad beeping]
[siren wailing]
[Rose panting]
[man] 911, what's your emergency?
This is Maryland State Trooper
Francisco Jenkins.
There are two assailants
trying to kill me and my friend.
I need patrol units on--
[tense music playing]
[footsteps approaching]
[intense music playing]
[Rose grunting]
[Rose breathing heavily]
[Rose straining]
[man] Come here.
[man grunting]
[Rose grunting]
[Rose screaming]
[Rose grunting, gasping]
[Rose coughing]
[man grunting]
[Peter grunting, straining]
Rose, get out of here!
[Peter grunting]
[both breathing heavily]
[man shouting]
[man grunting]
[Rose panting]
[both grunting, straining]
[man screaming]
Rose, I got him. Go call the police.
- Put your fucking hands on the ground!
- Okay.
He killed my aunt and uncle!
Fucking shoot him!
It's not up to us, Rose. I can't!
[man] Your friend, Lorna,
she showed courage.
- Lorna fought.
- Shut up!
But your aunt...
she was begging by the end.
- [Peter] Rose, no!
- [Rose shouting]
- [gun clicking]
- Shit.
[knife slashing]
[man grunting]
[Rose panting]
[man shouting]
[Peter] Rose!
[man grunting]
[man groaning]
[both grunting, straining]
[man gasping, choking]
[suspenseful music swelling]
[Peter straining]
[man gasping]
[Peter grunting]
Peter, he's gone! He's gone.
Peter!
[Peter panting]
Help me.
[Peter grunting, groaning]
[Peter] Hold on, hold on.
Fuck.
- [Peter straining]
- [Rose] Peter.
[Peter wincing] Hold on.
- My side.
- [Rose] Okay.
[Peter grunting, straining]
- [footsteps withdrawing]
- [both breathing heavily]
[phone ringing]
[indistinct chatter]
[tense music playing]
Almora's updating me on Maddie
in two minutes.
So, what is it?
The vice president, ma'am.
Thank you, Val.
It's about your daughter.
Is this you?
- You had something to do with this?
- Keep your fucking voice down.
No, of course not.
But we can use it to our advantage.
You wanna use Maddie's kidnapping?
To do what?
Sutherland and the Larkin girl
are onto you and Wick.
How do you know this?
Fuck.
So, uh, what do they know about Zadar?
They know enough.
And Sutherland is where now?
He escaped.
Jesus Christ.
I can't deal with this, Diane.
My daughter is missing.
Could you just handle this
the way you promised you would?
Let's get one thing fucking straight.
You don't get to spill the milk
and then pawn the cleanup off on me.
That's not how this works.
We need a diversion.
Maddie is not a diversion.
She is my goddamn daughter.
Making this mess disappear
is bigger than your daughter.
That's a fact.
Or maybe you'd rather roll the dice
and see how the nation reacts
when they learn the truth
about everything you did.
- Don't threaten me.
- [Diane] I'm not.
I'm trying to save your ungrateful ass.
If you don't like how I do it,
you should've thought twice
before dragging me into all of it,
after the fact.
[Redfield sighing]
If we can't silence Peter,
maybe we can discredit him.
Maddie can help.
What is the plan?
Go get your update.
And then meet me
in the East Wing Green Room.
What for?
We need to get you camera-ready.
[indistinct chatter]
[suspenseful music swelling]
[tense music playing]
[footsteps approaching]
[ship horn blaring]
[sinister music playing]
[woman breathing heavily]
[dramatic music playing]
[breath shuddering]
[woman crying]
No.
[voice breaking] No.
[woman sobbing]
[somber music playing]
[whispering] I love you.
I love you.
Come back!
[wailing]
[police sirens wailing]
[seagulls warbling]
Did Cisco say where he was going?
He tried to lead them away in the car,
but I don't know.
It's like they knew exactly where we were.
The day I took Farr to meet you
at the... the motel,
she must have put a tracker
or something on our car.
[Rose] Whose boat is this?
[Peter groaning]
[Peter] It's a friend of my dad's.
Should be a lockbox
on the inside of the awning.
This one.
[dramatic music playing]
[both breathing heavily]
Uh, do you know the code?
Yeah, it's 1202.
[lock clicking]
That's my birthday.
Sounds like he cared about you.
He was my godfather.
Hold on, hold on.
[Rose] Okay.
[Peter wincing, panting]
Agent Richards showed the sketch
of our suspect
to the professor's neighbor.
Now, she's seen him around for months.
Thought they were a couple.
Nice work. I'll have the FBI run
the sketches through facial recognition.
In the meantime,
I need you to follow up on a new lead.
There's a person of interest.
I'll send the name and the address.
This is priority one, you got it?
[Erik] Yes, sir.
[cell phone chiming]
Who's the suspect?
No way.
Read through this before you go in.
It sounds more natural
when you don't stumble
with the teleprompter.
I don't need a script.
[Diane] Wick's people are radio silent.
Sutherland and the girl are somewhere
out there with the hard drive.
Your ability to sell our story
is the difference between the White House
and a super-max cell.
[tense music playing]
[anchor] ...to reports
there were no witnesses to the attack.
Maryland State Police
are asking members of the public
for any information
regarding last night's shooting
of State Trooper Francisco Jenkins.
[anchor 2] In local news,
thunder and lightning did not deter
the dedicated group
that gathered at Recreation Center Park
this weekend.
I'm sorry.
You had him, and...
You didn't wanna have to do that...
but I--
I'm sorry about Cisco too.
- Okay. Just hold that there.
- [Peter wincing]
[Peter breathing deeply]
[Rose] Okay.
Okay, stand up.
[Peter grunting]
[Rose sighing]
[Peter exhaling]
Thank you...
for coming back.
I never left.
[anchor] Now we go to the White House
for an unscheduled, emergency briefing
with Vice President Ashley Redfield.
[Redfield] My fellow Americans,
tragedy has struck my family before.
First my wife, the mother of my two girls,
succumbed to cancer,
and then my youngest, Sarah,
was taken away from me
when she was only three.
But in the darkness,
my Maddie and I held on to each other
and swore we would make it through
to the light of dawn.
I am speaking to you directly this morning
to ask you,
to plead with you,
to help me find what is left of my family.
My daughter, Madison Grace Redfield,
was kidnapped last night.
The Secret Service have identified
a person of interest
in Maddie's disappearance.
His name is Peter Sutherland, Jr.
His picture is on your screen.
He should be considered
armed and extremely dangerous.
[reporter] Mr. Vice President,
one question over here.
[dramatic music playing]
[music fades]
[ending theme music playing]